Updates from initial editors skim (#199)
w3c/wai-website-theme: _style-guide/style-different-content-types.md

### Abbreviations to avoid

* <b>e.g.:</b> Use “for example”.
* <b>etc.:</b>
  * In general contexts, use “such as” to introduce one or more examples.

>   * In legal or policy contexts, use “including, but not limited to,” to introduce a non-exhaustive list of examples.

Author: ```suggestion
  * Where the text might be used within a legal context, use “including, but not limited to,” to introduce a non-exhaustive list of examples.
```
